Terms of Service
STEVAMAROR INC.
Last modified: May 24, 2024

Welcome to STEVAMAROR INC.! These Terms of Service ("Terms") govern your use of our services, including our website, games, and any related content (collectively referred to as the "Service"). By accessing or using our Service, you agree to be bound by these Terms.

1. Acceptance of Terms
By using our Service, you acknowledge that you have read, understood, and agree to abide by these Terms. If you do not agree to these Terms, please refrain from using our Service.

2. Intellectual Property
All intellectual property rights, including but not limited to copyrights, trademarks, and patents, in the Service and its content are owned by or licensed to STEVAMAROR INC.. You may not modify, reproduce, distribute, or create derivative works based on the Service without our explicit permission.

3. User Conduct
You agree to use the Service in compliance with all applicable laws and regulations. You further agree not to engage in any of the following activities:

Violating any intellectual property rights or other proprietary rights of STEVAMAROR INC. or any third party.
Posting or transmitting any content that is illegal, harmful, defamatory, or infringing on the rights of others.
Interfering with or disrupting the Service or its servers.
Engaging in any fraudulent or unauthorized activities.
Impersonating any person or entity, or falsely stating or misrepresenting your affiliation with a person or entity.
4. Account Registration
In order to use certain features of the Service, you may be required to create an account. You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account information and for all activities that occur under your account. You agree to provide accurate and up-to-date information during registration and to promptly update any changes.

5. Termination
We reserve the right to terminate or suspend your access to the Service at any time, without prior notice, for any reason, including but not limited to violation of these Terms. You may also terminate your account at any time by contacting us.

6. Privacy
Your privacy is important to us. Please refer to our Privacy Policy for information on how we collect, use, and protect your personal information.

7. Disclaimer of Warranty
The Service is provided on an "as is" and "as available" basis without any warranties, expressed or implied. We do not guarantee that the Service will be uninterrupted, secure, or error-free.

8. Limitation of Liability
To the maximum extent permitted by law, STEVAMAROR INC. and its affiliates, directors, employees, and agents shall not be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, or special damages arising out of or in connection with the use of the Service.

9. Governing Law
These Terms shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the applicable laws. Any disputes arising from these Terms shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the competent courts.

10. Changes to Terms
We reserve the right to modify these Terms at any time. Any changes will be effective immediately upon posting on this page. Your continued use of the Service after any modifications indicates your acceptance of the updated Terms. We encourage you to periodically review these Terms for the latest information.

© 2026 STEVAMAROR INC.. All rights reserved.
